I can't believe I'm actually sitting at
the helm of a brand-new Bertram 35 now
one look at this boat and you cannot
mistake the fact that Bertram has
maintained that classic look in fact
they've revived it in a tremendous way
it's just a gorgeous coat but on top of
that it's also completely modern look at
this cockpit for example it's very
functional it's wide open plenty room to
fish honey room to relax whatever you
like to do in here in the cabin this is
where you can really see that those
modern side coming through look at the
grab rail look at the curvature and the
woodwork look at the fittings on the
sink look at the refrigerator everything
inside is very modern bottom line this
new Bertram 35 is a real eye-opener if
you take your boat seriously you want to
work of art and you also want a fishing
machine this is one to check out
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds United
marine underwriters